# Programming-project-4

   In this assignment we will be creating to differnet java programs. One will create a list of apartments and the other one will create a bar chart for a certain amount of stats for a mens basketball team. The plan for the first java program is to,Define a class called Apartment this class contains methods to get the members of the class, Create a class named TestApartment to test the class Apartment, Instantiate five Apartment objects, Set number of bed rooms, number of bath rooms and rent, Prompt and read the number of minimum bed rooms, Prompt and read the number of minimum bath rooms, Prompt and read the apartment rent and , then finds the matching apartments from five apartment objects and call the displayData() method. The program Apartment that has a constructor to set number, number of bed rooms, number of bath rooms and rent amount. The class contains methods to get members of the class Apartment using get methods. We start the program off by instantiating the members of apartment. The program then uses the constructor to set the number of bed rooms and bathrooms, also the amount of rent that it will cost. Afer all the members are called and filled the program then returns teh bedrooms, bathrooms , and the amount of rent owed. To end the apartment class we will print out the details of the bathrooms, bedrooms , adn rent for the proper apartment. On the TestApartment class the program will ask the user to type in the minumum amount of rooms, bathrooms, and rent that they want. the program will use the data and give them the proper apartment that fits all of there needs. If the apartment that they want is not available then a warning message will appear. In the code we will create seperate objects for each apartment hat is listed so wehn the user inputs their information the program will be able to pinpoin the exact apartment in the code.
   
   In the second assignment for this project we will be creating a bar chart that shows the output of players scores in asteriks and will be able to be tracked from one game to the end of the ened season. The plan of the program is creating a class named BarChart, declare and initialize the variables of integer value, ask and print the scores of five players, and implement a for loop that cretes a scores lines for every player.
   
   We also had to create a modified version of the code and name it barchart2. This is the version that will track all points over the season for five of the players. Only a few differences wil be made in the code and that is intger values that need to be recalculated to match a season length instead of just one particular game.
